Oh everybody so today I'm going to be
doing a back-to-school outfit of the day
and I'm super excited I don't know why
ah but I am just really excited for
school to start already I was bumming
around during the last month of summer
and I just felt like I wanted to do
something productive and I woke up
really early this morning which is a
miracle because I never wake up early
but I woke up really early I put this
little get up on and yeah I just I'm
excited there's always something
exciting about going to school on the
first day it's you get to meet your
professors you get to meet new people
yeah so I'm just gonna stop babbling and
show you guys what I'm wearing the first
thing I'll talk about is this shirt I'm
wearing it's this very loose comfortable
bohemian shirt it's from arden b and i
absolutely love it it's really
comfortable at the favorite part my
favorite part about this shirt is the
embroidery right here it's really
delicate and it's just absolutely
adorable I love it and I love the little
ruffles right here and yeah it's just
really comfortable and I'm wearing some
jean shorts and I was iffy about wearing
these shorts because they're really kind
of short but since i was wearing such a
concern
lose a shirt I said why not and it's
what with the whole bohemian look so I'm
wearing these sandals I don't know what
you call them they're like boot sandals
at the same time but they're super super
comfortable and yes if you're if you go
to a big campus University you need
really comfortable shoes so I'm wearing
mean they're super super comfortable and
then I paired this whole book with this
belt from forever 21 and absolutely love
it it's super versatile you can wear
this with pretty much any outfit and
yeah just went with the whole look and
now for my accessories I am wearing this
ring and the reason why I'm wearing it
in my pinky finger it's cuz i was
looking for a turquoise ring for a while
now and i finally found it shopping at
aldo and Aldo's a shoe store and an
accessory store so i was so excited
about finding this ring finally that i
forgot to try it on and it only fits on
this pinky and it looks weird but i
liked it so I wore it anyway and now I'm
this hand when I'm wearing is my swatch
gold watch and I've had this watch for a
while it was a Christmas gift from like
two years ago and I absolutely love it
it's been through a lot it's like fun
like it's it's crashed a little bit it's
just because I wear it so much but I
love it it goes with absolutely anything
and it's waterproof it's a really really
good luck and I don't know if you guys
have noticed but I wear these bracelets
a lot I never take it off actually and
my mom brought this from Jerusalem and
this little hand right here I forget the
name it's a hard to pronounce name I
don't know what it's called i forget but
at this hand if you see it has like a um
an eye right in the middle and what that
symbolizes it is it
the eye is supposed to be protecting you
and it's looking out for you and it just
gets all the bad energy away from you so
it's supposed to like how do you say it
it's supposed to bring in all the good
vibes to you so I never never take this
off and for my makeup I'm actually
wearing a very natural makeup I didn't
want to go too overboard because it was
school but I kept it very natural I'm
wearing like a gold like a gold color in
the inner corner of the eye and a
shimmery brown in the crease and yeah it
just looks very natural but pretty at
the same time and if you guys like this
whole look let me know and I'll do a
tutorial and what else oh and this braid
I absolutely love this this hairstyle
and I actually copied it off another
beauty guru right here on YouTube and I
wanted to give her credit for it because
absolutely love how it looks and her
name is Kiki beauty three for three and
she's just starting out with her beauty
town just like me and she's really nice
and if you guys want to know how to do
this prayed used to check her channel
out and she has a very easy to do video
it's like a video tutorial on how to do
this braid if you guys want to know how
to do it check her out i'll post a link
on my little info below so that's about
it guys thank you so much for watching
this video and if you guys want me to do
more videos like these outfit of the
days or whatever let me know and i'll
see you guys next time bye